README.md, before:

# [Blog by Objectivum](http://objectivum.eu/)

The [blog](http://objectivum.eu/) I wish I had written.

Or maybe [the](https://github.com/maggieappleton/digital-gardeners) [digital](https://joelhooks.com/digital-garden) [garden](https://www.mentalnodes.com/a-gardening-guide-for-your-mind) I wish I had grown?

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Maintainers](#maintainers)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)

## Maintainers

[@octavian-nita](https://twitter.com/octavian_t_nita)

## Contributing

Feel free to dive in! [Open an issue](https://github.com/objectivum/blog/issues/new) or submit PRs.

We follow the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/) Code of Conduct.

### Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute.

<a class="avatar mr-1" title="octavian-nita">
  <img src="https://github.com/octavian-nita.png?s=64&v=4"
       class="avatar-user" alt="@octavian-nita" width="64" height="64"/>
</a>

## License

[![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

&copy; 2020&ndash;2024 [Objectivum SRL/bv](http://objectivum.eu/),
[CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

docs: what writing actually is

README.md, after:

# [Blog by Objectivum](http://objectivum.eu/)

The [blog](http://objectivum.eu/) I wish I had written.

Or maybe [the](https://github.com/maggieappleton/digital-gardeners) [digital](https://joelhooks.com/digital-garden) [garden](https://www.mentalnodes.com/a-gardening-guide-for-your-mind) I wish I had grown?

> [First of all, you take apart what writing actually is. And there, you realize that writing isn’t just writing – that writing consists of four different parts:](https://www.lifehack.org/762906/goals-vs-objectives-how-to-become-successful#:~:text=First%20of%20all,Editing)
>* Generating ideas
>* Researching
>* Writing
>* Editing

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Maintainers](#maintainers)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)

## Maintainers

[@octavian-nita](https://twitter.com/octavian_t_nita)

## Contributing

Feel free to dive in! [Open an issue](https://github.com/objectivum/blog/issues/new) or submit PRs.

We follow the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/) Code of Conduct.

### Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute.

<a class="avatar mr-1" title="octavian-nita">
  <img src="https://github.com/octavian-nita.png?s=64&v=4"
       class="avatar-user" alt="@octavian-nita" width="64" height="64"/>
</a>

## License

[![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

&copy; 2020&ndash;2024 [Objectivum SRL/bv](http://objectivum.eu/),
[CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)
